This is the main attack of the
Fire Dragon. It is powerful, and
quick, but is not usually instantly
deadly. However, the dragon has a
rarer melee attack: shaking its
prey to death.




In this attack, the dragon picks
up its target in its mouth, and
rapidly shakes it in order to
severely injure its prey.






The dragon also has a final melee
attack, in which it builds up a
kinetic force in its tail to slam
into its target. This attack is
very effective, but it takes a
while to build up.

Taking down a dragon of any stage
is not a very easy task. Since
Fire dragons use elemental ranged
attacks, it would be smart
thinking to use protective potions
and long range weaponry. If you
want to take down one of these
beasts, try and avoid flames, and
watch for charge up behavior for
many attacks. Once you've defeated
one, you will have access to some
valuable commodities.